1. I want the AI to be able to generally beat any pokemon nuzlocke, but I can also provide it with a document explaining the AI and it will adapt to it.
2. I am interested in it being to beat single battles while minimizing pokemon losses. I also want to implement a model that gives me a numeric value of how "useful" a pokemon is to the run.
3. The AI should respect standard battle rules, however it cannot use items in battle. This will also allow to limit the options available to it, making it run faster.
4. The primary goal of the AI is to survive as many battles as possible without losing a battle (Where every team member dies).
5. The AI should consider in its choice: type effectiveness, move accuracy, status effects, predicted opponent move, amongst other basic pokemon mechanics.
6. The AI should plan around 2 moves ahead.
7. The AI should have a rule-based/heuristic method , while being able to calculate 2 moves ahead. It should also be able to learn over time with reinforced learning fine tuning.
8. The AI should weight these factors: Damage output, survival probability, status infliction, long-term team and run value as well as things mentioned before. If the rules are too complicated or there are too many of them, then propose a way to mitigate this.
9. The AI will not be interacting directly with the emulator or battle simulator. I do not know how I can provide it with information mid game so that it can make decisions in the middle of a battle, while being aware of each turn's outcome.
10. I want the AI to be able to make its decision in less than 10 seconds
11. I dont know how many games it will need to simulate, it depends of what type of learning method it uses.
12. I just want this AI to only work with fixed trainers with all information on their pokemon.
13. I want to start this project by facing my AI against the trainers of Emerald Kaizo, a ROM hack run on a GBA simulator.
14. The AI needs to be aware of the trainer’s switch AI (basically, it needs to know what pokemon will be sent next depending on what pokemon you currently have out)

Follow these directions loosely, just to have a general Idea of what I want. If you think something would
work better, suggest a change.

Use Poke-env when starting to train the AI for machine learning
